OSDOCS-11734: GCP Workload ID OLM stub and related updates (#80721)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cco-short-term-creds-azure-olm.adoc

[id="cco-short-term-creds-azure-olm_{context}"]
= OLM-managed Operator support for authentication with {entra-first}

In addition to {product-title} cluster components, some Operators managed by the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM) on {azure-short} clusters can use manual mode with {entra-first}. 

> These Operators authenticate with short-term credentials that are managed outside the cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Operators managed by OLM authenticate with short-term credentials that are managed outside the cluster. 
```
